Possible NPC sheet
- Follower sheet
- Add top level button to jump directly to the Follower sheet
- More detailed weapons and such for npcs
- Remove repeating NPC sections?

- Structured spell book, which fields for total pages, pages used, and remaining pages.
-- Multiple spell books 
-- A roll button for the number of pages needed
-- A roll button for the number of days to write it into the book

- Armor Class detailed breakdown
- Armor class Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning

Follower classes

AD&D 2E Book release order
The Complete Fighter's Handbook             1989 December
The Complete Thief's Handbook               1989 December
The Complete Priest's Handbook              1990 May
The Complete Wizard's Handbook              1990 June
The Complete Psionics Handbook              1991 January

Tome of Magic                               1991 May
Arms and Equipment Guide                    1991 July

The Complete Book of Dwarves                1991 October
The Complete Bard's Handbook                1992 March
The Complete Book of Elves                  1992 December
The Complete Book of Gnomes & Halflings     1993 February -- no content
The Complete Book of Humanoids              1993 April
The Complete Ranger's Handbook              1993 December
The Complete Book of Villains               1994 April    -- no content
The Complete Paladin's Handbook             1994 May
The Complete Druid's Handbook               1994 August
The Complete Barbarian's Handbook           1995 January
The Complete Book of Necromancers           1995 March

Player's Option: Combat & Tactics           1995 June
Player's Option: Skills & Powers            1995 July

Dungeon Master Option: High-Level Campaigns 1995 August
The Complete Ninja's Handbook               1995 August

Player's Option: Spells & Magic             1996 May

Wizard's Spell Compendium, Volume 1         1996
Wizard's Spell Compendium, Volume 2         1997
Wizard's Spell Compendium, Volume 3         1998
Wizard's Spell Compendium, Volume 4         1998

Priest's Spell Compendium, Volume 1         1999
Priest's Spell Compendium, Volume 2         1999
Priest's Spell Compendium, Volume 3         2000

Create / Fabricate Scrolls, Potions, and Magical items
Scrolls / Potions
The knowledge of how to create scrolls and potions of similar function to a known spell does not just leap into his brain. He knows where to look for the information he needs to make an attempt (sages, higher level spellcaster, higher powers). The exact process for each spell is still a mystery. DMG p. 118-119

Scrolls
Wizard
- Create scrolls 9th level. PHB p. 43, DMG p. 117
- Wizards must have their spellbook at hand. DMG p. 119
Priest
- Create scrolls at 7th level. DMG p. 117
- Priests must work on a specially prepared alter. DMG p. 119

Quill and Ink must be of special or magical origin and be fresh and unused for each spell (even each inscription of the same spell requires new Quill and Ink). DMG p. 119
Success rate is known by the DM. DMG p. 119
Protection scrolls takes 6 days of undisturbed work. DMG p. 119
A single scroll can contain 1 to 6 spells, determined by the DM. DMG p. 119

Potions
- Wizards Brew potions at 9th level. PHB p, 43, DMG p. 117
-- Healing and curing potions are beyond the ken of wizards. DMG p. 119
- Priests Brew a few potions (mainly healing and cures) at 9th level. DMG p. 117, 119
- In addtion to the fantastical materials needed, potions require mundane ingredients. The basic cost of these ingredients ranges from 200 to 1,000 gp. DMG p. 119
- Wizards needs a complete alchemical laboratory. The basic cost is at least 2,000 gp for the equipment and furnishings. The location and housing is added on top of this cost. The wizard must pay 10% of its value every month for maintenance. DMG p. 120
- Priests need an alter specially consecrated to the purpose of brewing potions. DMG p. 120
- To create a potion is equal to cost of materials in gp / 100. DMG p. 120
- Success is known by the DM. DMG p. 120

Other Magical items
- Wizards create other magical items at 11th level, (if he has the spells). DMG p. 117
- Priests Create a few magical items at 11th level. DMG p. 117
- The right materials cost from 1,000 to 10,000 (or more!) gold pieces depending. DMG p, 120
- Preparing the materials takes from 2 weeks to a month and costs at least 500 gold pieces, if not more. DMG p. 121
Wizards
- First cast _Enchant an Item_ (or have another do it for them) then perform whatever is needed. DMG p. 121
- If no _permanency_ spell is cast in the end, the vessel only holds charges equal to the number of spells cast upon it. DMG p. 121
- Success is known by the DM. DMG p. 121
Priests. DMG p. 121
- Must first find the vessel of the finest or most perfect materials
- The priest must then spend two weeks in meditation and purification ceremonies and then another week in fasting and purification, to purify himself
- Then he must likewise purify the item and seek to invoke it a small portion of his deity's grandeur. This takes a single day and night.
- As the item rests upon an alter, the priest must pray for the blessed sign that the deity will endow the vessel with the desired powers. Each day there is a 1% cumulative chance that the prayers will be heard.
- Once complete the item needs to be sanctified and consecrated for a permanent enchant
- For charges, the priest have 24 hours to cast the appropriate spells into the item

Druids
- Druids with 3 proficiency slots in the Herbalism Nonweapon proficiency can create magical herbal brews. The Complete Druid's Handbook p. 103

Player's Handbook (First Printing May 2013)
Wizard
Sepia Snake Sigil - Fixed broken tab character
Spectral Force - Fixed broken area of effect calculation
Water Breathing - Fixed broken calculation preventing the spell from printing
Wind Wall - Fixed broken calculation preventing the spell from printing
Wraithform - Fixed broken calculation preventing the spell from printing
Fire Shield - Fixed broken calculation preventing the spell from printing
Monster Summoning II - Fixed broken calculation preventing the spell from printing
Wall of Fire - Fixed area of effect calculation to calculate the number of sheets. This reduces the overall area of effect by an order of magnitude
Summon shadow - Fixed broken calculation preventing the spell from printing
Chaos - Fixed broken tab character
Seeming - Fixed broken calculation preventing the spell from printing

Priest
Wall of Fire - Fixed area of effect calculation to calculate the number of sheets. This reduces the overall area of effect by an order of magnitude

Complete Fighter's Handbook (11th Printing, May 1996)
One / two handed javelin changed to medium size - Book update
One / two handed stone javelin changed to medium size - Book update

Complete Wizard's Handbook (10th printing, March 1996)
Jitte change size to small - typo
Shuriken changed ROF to 2/1 - book update
Detect Disease - scaling no longer goes above 100% chance
Choke - fixed whitespace
Detect life - fixed range scaling and missing material components - typo
Hovering skull - added M for material component - book update
Pain Touch - changed school to Necromancy - book update
Force Shaprechange - changed damage when save is made - book update
Bone club - Updated effect about clubs not being available to wizards - Book update
Wind breath - Updated how damage is displayed
Force Shapechange - Updated casting speed to 5 - Book update
Force Shapechange - Updated damage to always be 3d10 - Book update

Complete Psionics Handbook (Ninth printing: October 1996)
Added the Power Score as written in the book to the template output
Fixed whitespace when a power has 1 round of prep to say "1 round" instead of "1round"
All-round vision - Fixed linebreak mid-sentence
Clairvoyance - Fixed linebreak mid-sentence
Precognition - Added 20 effect to be displayed by the template
Danger Sense - Added 1 effect to be displayed by the template
Know Direction - Fixed linebreak mid-sentence
Spirit Sense - Corrected description to state that it sense noncorporeal undead - Book update
Create Object - Fixed table in effect text
Detonate - Fixed linebreak mid-sentence
Animate Object - Fixed table header - Book update
Create Sound - Power Score modifier changed to -2 from -7 - Book update
Inertial Barrier - Fixed linebreak mid-sentence
Molecular Agitation - Added that only magical items gets a +10 modifier - Book update
Molecular Agitation - Corrected the displayed damage to match the effect text - typo
Animal Affinity - Added missing linebreak - typo
Flesh Armor - Added clarification that the armor is nonmagical - Book Update
Flesh Armor - Added clarification that this power works with rings of protection - Book Update
Probability Travel - changed reference to the Planescape accessory - Book update
Probability Travel - Fixed linebreak mid-sentence
Summon Planar Creature - Updated book references - Book update
Teleport - Fixed table so that PSP cost starts at 10 PSP - Book update
Astral Projection - changed reference to the Planescape accessory - Book update
Dream Travel - Calculate the aount of PSP used based on passengers
Probe - Removed Mindlink as a prerequisite
Contact - Added missing bold styling to text
Empathy - Added missing Power Score effect
Appraise - Fixed linebreak mid-sentence
Ultrablast - Fixed linebreak mid-sentence
Intensify - Made popup options more readable
Psychic Drain - Updated psionic potential description - Book update
Wrench - Fixed page number - typo

Tome of Magic (Seventh Printing: March, 1996)
Maximilian's Earthen Grasp - School changed to Alteration - Book update
There/Not There - Fixed page number
Turn Pebble to Boulder - Fixed reverse spell calculation
Khazid's Procurement - Fixed presentation of table
Lower Resistance - Fixed spelling error in turn
Waveform - Fixed area of effect calculations
Bloodstone's Spectral Steed - Added number of passengers calculation
Acid Storm - Added how acid damage can be healed - Typo
Airboat - Changed movement rate from mile per hour calculation to movement rate 21 - Book update
Gunther's Kaleidoscopic Strike - Fixed broken calculation
Homunculus Shield - Fixed hp calculations - Typo
Elemental Aura - Greatly improve the presentation of the table data
Estate Transference - Updated area of effect from 1000 square feet to 1 square mile per level - Book update
Wail of the Banshee - Fixed linebreak mid-sentence and fixed missing description text
Wildfire - Fixed page number - type
Analyze Balance - Fixed calculation to no longer go above 100%
Personal Reading - Greatly improve the presentation of the table data
Emotion Perception - Added level scaling for area of effect. Minimum 1 unit as the spell would do nothing before level 5 which would make no sense.
Emotion Control - Added level scaling for saving throw bonus
Random Causality - Corrected Duration and Casting time as per - Sage Advice #247 update
Rigid Thinking - Corrected "in capable" to "incapable"
Unearthly Choir - Added damage for quick reference
Defensive Harmony - Fixed area of effect calculation
Probability Control - Fixed modification calculation from 5% per level to 5% per 5 levels.
Age Object - Fixed broken level scaling calculation
Barrier of Retention - Corrected area of effect calculation
Time Pool - Improve presentation of bullet point list
Crushing Walls - Fixed area of effect from square feet to foot square. This increases the area of effect by an order of magnitude
The Great Circle - Added damage overview
Spiritual Wrath - Added self damage to the caster, to the damage overview
Mind Tracker - Added material components
Uncontrolled Weather - No longer rolls area of effect, as it should be done by the DM
Circle of Sunmotes - Added damage type
Revelation - Fixed linebreak mid-sentence
Sphere of Security - Fixed calculation that prevented spell from printing
Spiral of Degeneration - Added missing bullet point in effect description - Typo
Undead Plague - Removed calculated level scaling as it is unclear how it should be calculated

Complete Book of Dwarves (November 1993)
Lip Reading (Dwarf) - Modifier changed from 0 to -2 - Typo

Complete Book of Humanoids (Sixth printing, March 1999)
Crowd Working - Version added from this book with modifier of +2
Naginata - S/M damage changed to 1d8. L damage changed to 1d10 - Typo
Finhead broadsword - Added new weapon - Book update

Complete Ranger's Handbook (Fifth printing, July 1995)
Cartography - Changed ability to score to Int and modifier to -2 - Typo

Complete Druid's Handbook
Beastmask - Fixed page number - Typo
Animal Spy - Clarified that only wizard familiars can save vs. spell - Typo
Fortifying Stew - Added calculation for ounces of stew enchanted
Fortifying Stew - Added sheet authors's note to tell that calculations have been changed
Shape Wood - Fixed calculation for area of effect, adding together static and scaling part
Earthmaw - Added calculation for what hit dice the monster attacks as, and what its THAC0 is

Complete Barbarian's Handbook
Sign Language - Corrected ability score from Charisma to Dexterity - Typo
Jumping - Added Barbarian specific version
Tightrope Walking - Added Barbarian specific version
Tumbling - Added Barbarian specific version
Horde Summoning - Changed modifier from 0 to -2

Complete Book of Necromancers
Animate Dead Animals - Fixed animated skeletons Hit dice from 1-4 to ¼ - Typo
Living Link - Limited number of senses calculation to 5.
Empathic Wound Transfer - Set amount of healing / self damage leave the caster at 1 hp, instead of 0, because at 0 you would be dead (if not using deaths door rule)
Transmute Bone to Steel - Fixed linebreak mid-sentence
Death Ward - Fixed page number
Spectral Senses - Change level scaling to follow priest levels instead of wizard levels
Resist Turning - Full of errors. More research needed
Death's Door - Fixed page number
Undead Alacrity - Change level scaling to follow priest levels instead of wizard levels
Plague Curse - Added calculation for how many lives the plague kills
Asphyxiate - Corrected damage to depend on Constitution check instead of saving throw

Complete Ninjas Handbook (2nd printing, March 1996)
Featherfoot - Swapped duration and casting time as increasing casting time with level did not make sense. This is highlighted with a sheet authors note
Fixed sling, Stone long range to 160 from 1600 yards - Typo
Fixed staff sling, stone long range to 90 yards from 200 yards - Typo
Improved Mirror Image - Removed incorrect quote character - typo
Chu-ko-nu - Change ammo size to medium - Typo
Light crossbow - Change ammo size to medium, and weapon size to small - Typo
Metsubishi (blinding powders) - Rate of fire changed to 1/3 - Typo
Bokken, Two-handed (wooden sword) - Changed S/M damage to 1d6 - Typo
Bokken, Two-handed (wooden sword) - Changed L damage to 1d3 - Typo

Default casting level for items:
Scrolls - typically one level higher than that required to cast the spell, never below 6th level - DMG p. 196 and Clarified in Dragon Magazine #248 Sage Advice
Rings - 12th level unless the power requires a higher level. In that case it functions at minimum level to use the magic. DMG p. 198
Rods - DMG: Not mentioned. 12th level or minimum level. FGaG p. 230
Staves - 8th level unless otherwise stated. DMG p. 207
Wands - 6th level unless otherwise stated. DMG p. 210

AD&D 2E Errata wayback machine
http://www.wizards.com/dnd/DnDPlayersHandbook2ndEditionErrata.asp
http://www.wizards.com/dnd/DnDDMGErrata.asp
http://www.wizards.com/dnd/DnDPlayersOptionSkillsPowersErrata.asp
http://www.wizards.com/dnd/DnDPlayersOptionSkillsPowers2ndErrata.asp
http://www.wizards.com/dnd/DnDPlayersOptionSkillsPowers3rdErrata.asp
http://www.wizards.com/dnd/DnDPlayersOptionCombatTacticsErrata.asp